there are thousands and thousands of
indicators to analyze the health of the
economy in the stock market there are
some which are more telling than others
some give us a fundamental picture while
others give us micro data it depends on
what we need to know but when we piece
them all together we start to paint a
very clear picture of what the future
has in store you came here for the truth
today we are going to look at the most
expensive market ever and we are using
the SMP 500 median price to revenue what
they are suggesting is that this is a
world of pure imagination and I do agree
with that this has exceeded the housing
bubble it has exceeded a dot-com bubble
and everything before it's going back to
at least 1986 I have shown you many many
indicators which exceed that which we
saw during the financial crisis it is
much worse than the financial crisis as
it is today in various indicators not
just one or two or five or ten we're
talking about many many indicators some
people overlook that some people will
decide not to pay attention to it but we
have to face reality because ultimately
people get in over their heads to get in
way too deep and then they realize that
after it's too late and they've lost a
lot of money and they don't want to sell
what they've bought into because have
lost too much as it is so they keep it
in and it continues to drop and they
keep it in and it continues to drop
because the euphoria takes hold and they
simply can't let go alarm bells are
ringing that's according to the
Sotheby's indicator now what we can see
here is that we've exceeded that which
we saw in the past here we are today
looking back throughout the financial
crisis looking to the you know to even
2007 if you want to point it out right
there which was really the big
beginning although technically the low
in the stock market was March 2009 we
saw all the cracks
definitely appearing in 2007 by then it
was very apparent and right back here
throughout the tech crisis these are
always leading indicators so we see that
prior to the crashes and you will notice
here that we are facing the music
essentially let's move on sell the SMP
the stars have aligned the SMP 500 index
recent upside according to the Demark
sequential upside red 13 exhaustion so
it's all very technical let's not get
into it too much but essentially what
they've said is that the SMP 500 has a 5
to 10% downside potential based on this
indicator ok
not much but that is a correction saying
that it's based on this indicator also
based on seasonal readjustment of what
we will generally notice throughout the
months coming into September October now
this here would not be a surprise to me
whatsoever 10% that it should come down
in fact if you believe in the market if
you want it to be healthy you shouldn't
want to see regular Corrections you want
it to grow at 10% pullback at 5% grow at
10% pullback at 5% that that's a more
healthy way to approach it instead of
just up and up and up and up that's
never a good thing when you look at
something like cryptocurrencies you'll
see massive swings you'll see it go up
you know double in one day and then it
drops by half the next day that's
something that you know scares the pants
off some people when you look at
something much bigger a much bigger
market like the SMP you want to see
those regular Corrections 5 or 10
percent would be great for the market
but of course many people don't believe
that they just want to go up and up and
up that's not a good thing you need
those regular Corrections to detoxify
the market all right then we look at
these different corporations I won't get
into all of them a few big
banks and investment companies here have
talked about the fact that the stock
market is overdue for a correction what
they said is Wall Street banks warned
the winter is coming that's right
so in this particular case we have HSBC
Citigroup Morgan Stanley they see
mounting evidence that the global
markets are in the last stage of their
rallies before a downturn in the
business cycle something that I've
brought up many many times I'm the one
who gets laughed at I'm the one who gets
ridiculed but people they just keep
forking their money into these
institutions and fueling them so if you
don't like these institutions because
they're saying the same thing I am but
you still fund them
analyst at the Wall Street behemoth site
the signals including the breakdown of
long-standing relationships between
stocks bonds and commodities as well as
investors ignoring valuation
fundamentals and data it all means the
stock and credit markets are at a risk
of a painful drop is that a quote from
the money GPS what am i reading here
everything is disconnected they're
saying it right here equities not
correlated with the FX the FX not
correlated with the rate and they're
becoming less sensitive to oil this is a
problem it's compounding it's getting
worse and this is what we experienced
today that's the bank's saying that
that's the institution saying that there
are always the ones who are saying
everything is just fine and dandy that's
what they're saying you know you got to
judge it for yourself the debt ceiling
oh how I love a debt ceiling fiasco
it happened so often but here we are 20
trillion in more debt during every
presidency every presidency we will see
more debt I'm sure that we're going to
see that unless the entire system is
ready to collapse so
we'll see regardless the debt-ceiling
every time right now at a 20 trillion
dollar mark what's gonna happen with it
well once again we have this situation
Fitch Ratings said the failure to raise
the debt limit in the u.s. in a timely
manner would prompt to review the
country's credit rating which is at
triple-a according to Fitch the highest
possible so this wouldn't be the first
time that they've got their credit
rating downgraded we could see that
they're unable to make these decisions
the credit rating agencies come out and
they say we're going to downgrade you so
that affects the markets internationally
according to them it's a big deal
according to me they're rated at you
know the worst of the worst but anyway
what I would say about the debt ceiling
is that it ultimately despite what Obama
had said ultimately will just continue
to expand if they raise it from let's
say 20 million to 22 million I assure
you that that will expand to 22 million
and then we will have another debt
ceiling fiasco at 22 million and we will
have the same conversation I will bring
to you the same articles and we will
have the same discussion it's the same
merry-go-round over and over again or on
the carousel we're spinning around we're
on the teacups getting really busy and
no one was nobody seems to notice and I
just wanted to finish off with this here
Google and Walmart's have been joining
forces in a partnership that includes
enabling voice ordered purchases from
the retail giant on Google's virtual
assistant challenging rival amazon.com
grip on the next wave of e-commerce so
basically you can use your device that's
in your home provided by Google and you
would speak into it you would be able to
order products and it would be delivered
to your door right away
this is something that Amazon is doing
this is something that Google is doing
we can see that ecommerce is taking over
brick-and-mortar it seems to be going
the way of the dodo bird and it's
something
we need to realize how technology
changes and how that affects different
companies I think it's important to note
that I think that as technologies change
we could have something like you know
different businesses either becoming not
necessarily completely eliminated but
let's say there's a financial crisis
let's say and it may never get to where
it was before some things will recover
after but other things may not and
that's what we need to understand and it
could be a crisis which really takes it
into effect and really pushes it over
the edge so that's a little a couple
pieces of information I hope you found
that informative if you did please give
me a thumbs up like this video share it
subscribe to the channel there are now
60,000 subscribers here at the money GPS
I want to say hello to each and every
one of you I want to extend my gratitude
to all those who have supported me
especially recently and really needed of
course as you know so I wanted to say
hello thank you and if you found this
video informative and know you'll find
my books the money GPS and my new
release global economic collapse even
more informative the first book talks a
lot about the fundamentals but the
foundation the four asset classes and
how to profit from them whereas my new
book takes on familiar concepts but I
also get into things like tax incentives
earning income and becoming
self-sufficient so you could check those
out at Amazon the links are in the
description below
take care